refactor(examples) Update secure aggregation example (#3833)
adap/flower: examples/flower-secure-aggregation/README.md

---

> title: Simple Secure Aggregation with Flower Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: in the end we decided to remove the `title` from this metadata.

tags: [advanced, secure_aggregation, privacy]
dataset: [CIFAR-10]
framework: [torch, torchvision]
---

# Secure aggregation with Flower (the SecAgg+ protocol)

The following steps describe how to use Secure Aggregation in flower, with `ClientApp` using `secaggplus_mod` and `ServerApp` using `SecAggPlusWorkflowWithLogs`, which is a subclass of `SecAggPlusWorkflow` that includes more detailed logging specifically designed for this example.

> ## Project Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the project

### Clone the project

```

Start by cloning the example project:

```shell
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/adap/flower.git _tmp \
              && mv _tmp/examples/flower-secure-aggregation . \
              && rm -rf _tmp && cd flower-secure-aggregation
```

This will create a new directory called `flower-secure-aggregation` containing the
following files:

```shell

> flower-secure-aggregation
>       |
>       ├── secaggexample
>       |        ├── __init__.py
>       |        ├── client_app.py    # defines your ClientApp
>       |        ├── server_app.py    # defines your ServerApp
>       |        ├── task.py
>       |        └── workflow_with_log.py
>       ├── pyproject.toml            # builds your FAB, includes dependencies and configs
>       └── README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flower-secure-aggregation
|
├── secaggexample
|   ├── __init__.py
|   ├── client_app.py    # Defines your ClientApp
|   ├── server_app.py    # Defines your ServerApp
|   ├── task.py
|   └── workflow_with_log.py
├── pyproject.toml       # Project metadata like dependencies and configs
└── README.md
```

```

> ## Install dependencies
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install dependencies and project

Install the dependencies defined in `pyproject.toml` as well as the `secaggexample` package.

```

```bash

> pip install .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install -e .
```

```

> ## Run the Example
> 
> You can run your `ClientApp` and `ServerApp` in both _simulation_ and
> _deployment_ mode without making changes to the code. If you are starting
> with Flower, we recommend you using the _simulation_ model as it requires
> fewer components to be launched manually. By default, `flwr run` will make
> use of the Simluation Engine. Refer to alternative ways of running your
> Flower application including Deployment, with TLS certificates, or with
> Docker later in this readme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run the project

You can run your Flower project in both _simulation_ and _deployment_ mode without making changes to the code. If you are starting with Flower, we recommend you using the _simulation_ mode as it requires fewer components to be launched manually. By default, `flwr run` will make use of the Simulation Engine.
```

### Run with the Simulation Engine

> Run:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash

> flwr run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flwr run .
```

```

You can also override some of the settings for your `ClientApp` and `ServerApp` defined in `pyproject.toml`. For example

```bash

> flwr run --run-config 'num_server_rounds=5'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flwr run . --run-config num-server-rounds=5
```
